fact number one all stock markets are
interconnected fact number two the stock
market is completely disconnected from
the real economy fact number three
bailouts have nothing to do with either
you came here for the truth so let me
unveil that for you let's talk about
this one particular chart and then I
want to show you a whole bunch of others
let's begin with this
very important to look at not just one
indicator as many do you know there's a
lot of people who have a lot of money
their hard earned savings relying on the
200 day moving average and maybe the 50
day moving average to determine should
they put their money here or should they
sell it should they short it and all
these different
activities based on such few criteria
such few indicators very silly if you
ask me but at the money GPS I try to
bring literally as many as I can find
and you've seen that over the years look
at this
one the median price SL Revenue ratio of
the S&P
500 according to this right now at this
time we are looking at a record high in
this one indicator medium price to
revenue
ratio it is astronomical in this regard
now you look at the
1.0 rating which would be
here and imagine if it went to even
1.3 levels okay not even the
bottom even at
1.5 where would that bring the stock
market right now we're looking at
potentially a
50% drop in the stock market should this
return this value return to a relatively
normal level 50% drop in the stock
market these are the type of things that
have gone irratic they have gone
irrational yes there are times when you
know we break new ground in anything and
of course it should just like the stock
market you know if it happens to beat
its old high does that mean it's in a
bubble no not necessarily I mean it's
always done that this is just what
happens but when you see things become
irrational that's when you have to start
questioning it is this really logical is
this something that is sound based on
fundamentals or is this just something
that's waiting to crash I like this
chart a lot it shows you historically
other crashes that have occurred the S&P
500 now let's get a couple of these here
you can see the runup this is of course
up into the do boom and you have a
52% uh crash on the way down then you
have another runup this is the housing
bubble financial crisis
57.7% and in fact you can actually see
that it moved down even faster that's
what I always want to note that it tends
every time there's a crash it tends to
crash faster and harder than it did
previously that's very
worrisome and then you have another rise
this one even more dramatic than before
what we can expect if history repeats
itself not if we enter into any some
sort of crazy territory or anything we
are looking at a very very very dramatic
crash on the way down that will drop off
like a cliff and when will it happen I
don't know I don't know when it's going
to happen but the higher this stock
market goes the harder that crash is
going to be there's going to be a lot of
people who are profiting from that
there's no doubt but if it crashes hard
enough the results of which of course
there's going to be some government
intervention May mean something very
very serious I'm worried about it very
worried about it I'm not you know like
some people who are praying on it
thinking hey I'm going to make a lot of
money on this because I own you know
this or
that it's worrisome it's always
worrisome because the system is so
fragile always remember that but
regardless at some point there's going
to be a significant crash will this be
the big one will this be the game
changer I don't know that but at some
point this has to end this one here it
could just drop by 50% and that's it
that's not that's not that bad you know
comparison to what we've seen
historically you know 50% drop it would
hurt the government would certainly
intervene there would be some major
changes happening companies would go
bankrupt but it's possible to recover
from
that
but what happens if we see a great
depression level drop nearly
90% then we hear in for something
major when the crash comes who you going
to call they said and you know I like to
see this I like to see what they write
on these type of charts here good chart
here this is talking about once again
here no bubble
here they always expect it to go much
further than it does and what happens it
just simply crashes again the housing
bubble the financial crisis again a
crash showing you actually more
accurately the drop that occurred during
the financial crisis it just shows you
more and more steep it's quicker every
time and the launch of the robo advisors
what we could expect here even a more
dramatic rise I would say almost
exponential in its rise of the stock
market and we can expect when this thing
drops off I expect it to be a near
straight line downward at least for a
period of time until the intervention
occurs I don't even know what it's going
to look like it's going to
be it's going to be something liks of
which we have never seen and that's just
I'm not guessing on that I'm just saying
just based on history you know you you
pull these charts back this one only
goes back to 19 90 but when you pull
these charts back I've seen the ones
that go back hundreds of years and
really follow them in closely stared at
them I mean I've seen so many countless
books in the Austrian economics
textbooks that I've read and you're
looking through these things and they
just show you the charts and charts and
I've stared at these things for you know
for basically hours you know to be
honest with you just looking at it
looking at the shapes of them and trying
to sort of expand that into what we see
today using these little more technical
analysis which ultimately I don't like
to base things on but when you use those
shapes it's just interesting to see
that's all you don't want to base
everything you have on that it's
interesting to see that's all all right
federal student loans outstanding we
seem to have a little problem you know
it's expanding it's expanding and then
but it just goes insane it just hockey
sticks up practically I mean I mean this
rise it's not a it's not normal okay
this is something that has to at some
point it has to pop either they stop
giving out the student loans or they're
going to bail it out or something's
going to have to give because you have a
trillion dollars in student loans you
cannot
afford this it's just a fact it's just a
fact it's not fearmongering okay silly
people who say this kind
of silliness
anyway this is real assets versus
Financial assets and they put in
Brackets here the relative price
okay they make different points along
the way and all I wanted to note
here is at the
end when you
see a
point at
which
people they don't own any real assets
when you talk to people in the finance
industry they'll tell you you know I
bought some gold because I'm worried
about the financial system they haven't
bought physical gold I assure you most
cases
anyway they've bought gold stocks they
bought gold mining they've bought ETFs
of gold and perhaps that is better than
some other things that they could
purchase but it's not gold okay that's
what you need to understand and then
they get into the business of real
estate I'm big in real estate all right
you need to own real estate you need to
have that
security what do you own well I own Real
Estate Investment Trust Reit
REITs oh so you don't actually own own
real estate well no I I own paper real
estate oh gotcha nobody owns real assets
anymore and just to go back to that for
a second there is another reason and
it's a lack of sophistication something
that I got into in my uh new book that's
coming out very very
shortly how to actually get into it even
if you don't have much investment much
assets to what do I do I mean I don't
have a million dollars I can't buy a
home in Toronto I can't buy a home in
Vancouver other places what do I do
well there's ways around that you don't
have
to spend a million dollars okay I assure
you that's not the way this works that's
part of the problem why people are
buying Real Estate Investment Trust
because they can just put a small
portion in they don't need to buy a home
anyway I want to move on
bitcoin after its significant drop with
all that situation with
China took a big dip there's no doubt
after a big runup to say the least off
the side of this chart here big runup
and here another big rise and it tipped
over a thousand so it's very important
to note Bitcoin as it begins to gain
more and more attention I won't go more
detailing and move on the bank of Japan
okay the bank of Japan is the prime
example most Financial analysts would
agree with this they are the prime
example of how you can print money and
that will create a successful economy
wait whoa wait wait a second did I just
say
that did I say
successful oh I meant Absolute failure
that's right so the
Yen went higher let's pull up the
highlighter here it's fun by the way
this highlighter people keep asking me
this and I just want to let you know
sword soft screen ink that's what it's
called okay people are asking about that
sword soft screen ink free this a free
version anyway sorry for the segue
sending the Yen higher and roiling
government securities they offered to
print more money and that sent their
currency higher explain that to me
explaining how any of the fundamentals
that makes a single ounce of damn sense
we're going to print money devalue our
currency and therefore the currency goes
higher federal reserve prints $16
trillion devaluing the currency
destroying the
currency what happens the dollar starts
to rise and rise and Rise as time goes
on I mean there's been ups and downs but
that's what happened over the last few
years how does that make any sense how
does that make a single ounce of damn
sense all
right this was a congressman in a letter
to chair Janet the Felon Yellen I am
writing regarding the federal reserve's
continued participation in international
Forums on financial
regulation he's talking about well the
financial stability
board the basil committee on Banking and
supervision and the International
Association of Insurance
supervisors and on and on by the way
basil let's just for for a moment just a
personal Insight talking
with an SVP of a financial institution
who I've mentioned
before and this SVP said to me
what do you think about basil you don't
think that's
important I said no it's absolutely not
important and he laughed at me literally
laughed at me and then around that
time if you've watched Mike Maloney's
speech where he talks about oil going
down to $10 then they basically tried to
kick him off the stage and he kept going
and going and going and they kept
kicking him off anyway you've probably
seen that video if not Mike Maloney $10
oil you can go on search
online he said basil is BS and it
completely agree with that but this
individual in the finance industry
believes it is so important what is
basil it's basically these
recommendations you have to keep
3% of
your um reserves and all this stuff they
they make all these recommendations try
to make a global policy basically it's a
supernational entity we don't need it
it's garbage is stupid okay let's let's
just cut to the chase okay I'll give you
the Tabloid
magazine level
language because that's what it deserves
anyway he basically
said don't do what you're
doing get out of all these supernational
organizations
International
organizations it's a whole bunch of
garbage and it is destroying the
policies that America should be first I
get it I think it's great I think that
is a very good thing of course nothing
nothing will be done he basically said
look you keep printing money with no
oversight handing it out all over the
world please stop it and that absolutely
will not happen they printed $16
trillion gave it to institutions all
over the world when they asked who did
you give the money to tell us Ben banki
said no no he said he said no we're not
going to tell you we're not going to
tell you who we gave your money to
actually let me step back it's not
American money it's a Federal Reserve
Note so why in the heck would they have
to tell you anything really think about
that I mean you're forced to use that
currency that's the legal tender
but it's not your money it's the Federal
Reserves I mean it's a genius plan these
bastards really really created a genius
plan I mean they got everybody duped
everybody duped fighting with each other
over the stupidest things and
meanwhile you know we're cutting each
other's
throats while they're out there laughing
it up laughing it up
if you found this video informative
please give me a thumbs up here's a
little entertainment for you other the
love
birds here he is bber
nanky let's draw a little I guess he
already has a mustache but just have a
little fun
here and uh there she is Isn't She
Lovely Jan the fell and yelling
if you found the video informative I
know you'll find my book The Money GPS
even more informative so head over to
Amazon where they have a look inside
feature that will allow you to flip
through the pages of the book and see if
you like it take care